I have always been the most hated person in the world. Ever since I arrived in this world, I have been
under siege from it. Under attack from morons and idiots. I write this manifesto so that others will
know of my story and perhaps find some solace in it, some kind of inspiration for their own lives. It will
contain various sections dealing with my life. It will be divided into sections based on different things.
My whole life has been one lonely enterprise. One loss after another. And here I am , 26, with no
friends, no job, no girlfriend, a virgin. I long ago realized that society likes to deny people like me these
things. People who are elite, people who stand with the gods. People like Elliot Rodger, Vester
Flanagan, The Columbine kids, Adam Lanza and Seung Cho.
Just like me those people were denied everything they deserved, everything they wanted. Though we
may have been born bad, society left us no recourse, no way to be good. I have been forced to align
myself with demonic forces. What was once an involuntary relationship has now become an alignment,
a service. I now serve the demonic Heirarchy. When I die will become one of them. A demon. And I will
return to kill again and again. I will possess another and you will know my work by my sign, the
pentagram will fly again. Many will ask and ponder, what could they have done different, how could
they have prevented this. But you can’t you could never give what I wanted. You would never have done
that. Some will of course say I had so much to live for, but I don’t think so. I had no friends, no girlfriend,
was all alone. I had no job, no life, no successes. What was it that was supposed to happen, what great
event was it that was supposed to make me realize how much there was going for me. But for people
like me there is another world, a darker world that welcomes us. For people like us this all that’s left.
My success in Hell is assured. They will give me the power that I seek. They have always been there,
speaking to me on the sidelines, controlling me. It’s only fit that I join them after death. They’ve told me
what to do, showed me the way.
And just like me, there will be others, like Ted Bundy said, we are your sons, your brothers, we are
everywhere. My advice to others like me is to buy a gun and start killing people. If you live in a country like Europe with strict gun laws, either pay the necessary fees/time to get a license or become a serial
killer. The world could always use an additional serial killer. Butcher them in their homes, in the street,
wherever you find them. Every country in the world should be a battleground. From the heart of Africa
to the deepest depths of Asia blood will flow. Fear not the laws of man, when you get to the other side
you will be welcomed.
Don’t be afraid to give in to your darkest impulses. Human life means nothing, we are what matters.
I hope to inspire the masses with this, at least enough to get their passions aroused.
It is my hope that others will hear my call and act it out. I was once like you, a loser, rejected by society.
When the girls would rather go with alpha thug black men, we can all agree that somethings wrong with
the world. When good individuals like myself are alone, but wicked black men get the loot, like some
sort of vaginal pirate, it’s not fair.
Blackness and its effect on men
The black man is the most vile creature on the planet. He is a beast beyond measure. But don’t take
these words to be racist. I don’t hate blacks. Just the men. Now of course some of you will be saying,
wait, your 40 % black aren’t you? Ah yes dear reader, I am, but thankfully my partial blackness didn’t
come from a man. If it had my brain would have been fried. It is the black male who is foolish. Black
women are not to blame, they are hapless dupes to the black mans conniving machinations. Africa
would be better off without the black man, they should be executed and the black queen should take
over Africa. After all, it was black men who made it inferior. Elliot Rodger was right when he said his
thoughts on the black male. I fully agree with him.
Black men have corrupted the women of this planet. All they care about is sex and swag. All they care
about is swinging their “BBC thang” around in public. All their brain power has been submerged into
their penis. This blackness effect is only prominent on men. On women it has no effect. No one lives in
fear of the black woman but everyone lives in fear of the black man. It would be better if all black
women left the beast on the alter and dated a white man. Or lesbian exploration. But do to the black
murder rate, in 100 years there won’t be any black men, they will all be in jail or dead. The number of
ebony lesbians will increase. Joy Joy Joy! The black man has more brains in his penis than Obama has in
his head. And latinos will also suffer a massive drop in population, although not as bad as the black man. Both enjoy killing each other. At least the latino can be put into remedial education and be made
smart. But the black mans brains fell out of the back of his head at birth onto the baby ward. I hope all
mixed folk have the sense not to touch the black man but to instead find themselves a good white/Asian
man. But there is hope for the world. The Asian and Indian women are traditional and good. So are the
men. I have always respected them. They will rule America in the inner city and the world. The black
woman can only be saved by the castration/elimination of the black man. The black man is a wily beast
who has held back the black woman. Success does not come out of your loins but he doesn’t get the
message (See end of manifesto for good black bad black comparison)
Other Mass Shooters
I have been interested in mass shooters for years. I noticed where they always go wrong is they don’t
work fast enough and their death toll is not anywhere near where it should be. They shoot wildly instead
of targeted blasts. They also don’t take on the cops. Why kill other people but you won’t takeout the
cops.
Interests
Now for the part I’m sure the media will love. My interests. My interests include listening to music,
watching movies, internet piracy. My only solace in online life is posting on Kat.cr as the user lithium_
love. I mostly have uploaded porno, ebooks, things like that. That has been my only joy in life. I will leave
a sign on my profile there for any who wish to see it. I’ll say again my profile on kat.cr is lithium_love.
Check out what I’ve uploaded. You may find our tastes are more similar than you realize.
My favorite artists are the following
1. Marilyn Manson
2. Emilie Autumn
3. And One
4. Aqua
5. Blutengel
6. Garbage
7. Switchblade Symphony
8. ASP
9. Jack off Jill
10. The Creepshow
11. Dresden Dolls
My favorite movies are the following
1. Cloud atlas
2. Terminator series
3. Living Dead series
4. The exorcist
5. The exorcism of Emily rose
Favorite colors are Red and Black
Favorite food is potatoes
Favorite drink is soymilk
FAQ
Q. What is your religion?
A. My religion is not a formal one, but more so a new age one. I’ve aligned myself with the occult since I
was born.
Q. How come you’ve not had a girlfriend, are you gay?
A. No I’m not gay, girls just didn’t want me. As I said before they went for the thug blacks.
Q. Are you mentally ill?
A. No I’m not. Just because I’m in communion with the Dark Forces doesn’t mean I’m crazy. Good black (Miss Stacey Dash)
Bad black (Gucci Mane, cheap motherfucker with an ice
cream cone on his face)
So, in conclusion this is my manifesto. I hope all who have read it enjoyed it and find inspiration in it.
Learn from what I’ve done. I know this is not as long as Elliot Rodgers but its still good. Elliot is a god.
For those wondering, I do not have any social media.
If anything should happen to this manifesto on this hard drive there is a original copy on my computer.
For the Vestor Flanagans, Elliot Rodgers, Seung Cho, Adam Lanzas of the world, I do this. For all those
who never took me seriously this is for you. For all those who haven’t made their stand I do this. I am
the martyr for all those like me. To quote Seung Cho, “Today I die like Jesus Christ”.
666 For Satan I do this, for the Darkness I do this 666.