To whom it may concern:
I guess you’re wondering why I did this. Well, let me explain it in detail.
Over the years I had some good jobs, but I always got layed off. Now Im 58 years old & I cant get a decent job. Im told Im overqualified, which is a code word for too damned old. Like Im expected to age gracefully into poverty. No thanks Im done.
Ive always wondered why I was put on the earth. For years I thought I was put here to die as cannon fodder in Vietnam but somehow I cheated the devil out of it. Lately Ive been feeling helpless in our War on Terrorism. But I realized I could engage the terrorist allies here in America. The best allies they’ve got.
The Democrats! The Democrats have done everything they can do to tie out hands in this War on Terror. They’re all a bunch of traitors. They want America to loose this war for reasons I can not understand. It makes me soooo mad!
In a parallel train of thought, it saddens me to think back on all the bad things that Liberalism has done to this country. The worst problem America faces today is Liberalism. They have dumbed down education, they have defined deviancy down. Liberals have attacked every major institution that made America great. From the Boy Scouts to the military, from education to Religion, the major news outlets have become the propaganda arm of the Democrat Party. Liberals are evil, they embrace the tenets of Karl Marx, they’re Marxist, socialist, communists.
THE UNITARIAN UNIVERSALIST CHURCH
Don’t let the word church mislead you. It isnt a church, its a cult. They don’t even believe in God. They worship the God of secularism. These sick people arent Liberals, theyre Ultraliberals. This is a collection of sickos, weirdos and homos. The UU Church is the Fountainhead, the veritable wellspring of anti-American organizations like Moveon.org, Code Pink, and other American groups.
These people are absolute hypocrits. They embrace every pervert that comes down the pike, but if they find out you’re a conservative, they absolutely hate you. I know. I experienced it.
I cant, for the life of me, understand why these people would embrace Marxism like they do.
Id like someone to do an expose on this church, its a den of un-American vipers. They call themselves Progressive. How is a white woman having a niger baby progress? How is a man sticking his dick up another man’s ass progress? It’s an abomination.
It takes a warped mind to hate America. It makes me so angry. I cant live with it anymore! The environmental nuts have to be stopped!
KNOW THIS IF NOTHING ELSE
I This was a hate crime. 
I hate the damn left-wing Liberals. There is a vast left-wing conspiracy in this country & these liberals are working together to attack every decent & honorable institution in the Nation, trying to turn the country into a communist state. Shame on them.
II This was a Political Protest
Im protesting the liberal Supreme Court Justices for giving the terrorists at GITMO constitutional rights. Im protesting the major News outlets, ABC, NBC, CBS, CNN, PBS for being the propaganda wing of the Democrat Party. It’s criminal what theyre getting away with. Theyre traitors! They must be stopped. I’m protesting the DNC for running such a radical leftist candidate. Osama Hussein Obama, no mama. No experience, no brains, a joke. Dangerous to America. Hell, he looks like Curious George.
III This was a symbolic killing
Who I wanted to kill was every Democrat in the Senate & House, the 100 people in Bernard Goldberg’s book. I’d like to kill everyone in the Mainstream Media. But I know these people were inaccessible to me. I couldn’t get to the generals & high ranking officers of the Marxist movement so I went after the foot soldiers, the chicken shit liberals that vote in these traitorous people. Someone had to get the ball rolling. I volunteered. I hope others do the same, its the only way we can rid America of this cancer this pestilence.
IN CONCLUSION
No one gets out of the world alive so Ive chosen to skip the bad years of poverty. I know my life is going downhill fast from here. The future looks bleak. Im sick and tired of being sick & tired. Im absolutely fed up. 
So I thought Id do something good for this Country. Kill Democrats til the cops kill me. If decent patriotic Americans could vote 3 times in every election we couldn’t stem this tide of liberalism thats destroying America. 
Liberals are a pest, like termites. Millions of them. Each little bite contributes to the downfall of this great nation. The only way we can rid ourselves of this evil is kill them in the streets. Kill them where they gather. 
I’d like to encourage other like minded people to do what Ive done. If life ain’t worth living anymore, don’t just kill yourself. Do something for your country before you go. Go Kill Liberals!
Tell the cop that killed me that I said Thanks, I needed that!
I have no next of kin, no living relatives. If you would take my sorry carcass to the body farm, or donate it to science, or just throw me in the Tennessee River.
Sincerely,
Jim David Adkisson
